Create Alchemy-Pay-questions-1.md (#17)
ubiquity/card-issuance: Alchemy-Pay-questions-1.md

**About Ubiquity** 

> Ubiquity is a funded startup building highly automated bounties & freelance marketplace, as well as financial services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ubiquity is a venture-backed startup building a highly automated bounties & freelancer marketplace, as well as offering banking services. 
```

Our target audience is freelancers - individuals (not businesses) that are located in different countries across the globe. 

We share the Alchemy Pay goal to bridge fiat and crypto global economies seamlessly.

> Ubiquity helps to earn in Web3 and spend everywhere.

Reviewer: I wonder if its beneficial to throw in "metaverse" in these materials.

Ideally, we are looking for a strategic partner for long-term cooperation that can begin with the branded card issuing.

**1. Do you require any specialized solutions outside of the standard on/off ramping? (e.g. custom coin listing, custom blockchain, bespoke solutions, etc.)**

We need to issue branded Visa or MasterCard cards for freelancers and perform payouts to these cards.

First of all, we want to perform a quick launch with the basic functionality without specialized solutions.
API for typical actions will be required for this step. 
As we understand, Alchemy Pay can provide white-label virtual debit  MasterCard cards branded by Ubiquity.  

> In the future, we plan to develop capabilities for suitable DeFi management and advanced security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, we plan to develop capabilities for users to be able to manage their "checking accounts" entirely on the blockchain leveraging our stablecoin as their bank balance. 
```

Alchemy Pay off-ramp solution and partnership with DeFi protocols can be a good foundation for these new capabilities. 

**2. What are some important regions or payment methods that you require?**

The goal is to provide a global Ubiquity card. 
We can start with these regions - Asia (ig Singapore and South Korea),  South America (ig Brazil), and Eastern Europe (ig Poland).

> We want to serve countries where freelancers are located, except all jurisdictions included in the FATF black and gray lists, Russia, Belarus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to serve countries where freelancers are located.
```

I don't think its beneficial to deliberately list this, as they will simply follow their regulations around compliance.
